Are you really going to leave me, Dolly?
I've been gathering evidence against you
to use and court and look here.
You've fallen right into my life.
You're gonna expose me?
But why?
I love you so much.
It's this deceitful little bitch
who's just jealous and trying to frame me.
Hey, hey, Liam, want to shore the evidence?
These prove that you paid a server
to put peanut butter in Mrs. Spencer's cake,
trip to a vital shop, and hire Mr. Smith to harm her.
Take a look.
This isn't true. This is fabricated.
Liam, why don't you go ahead and just call the police.
Thank you.
No.
You did this to yourself.
I hope you're rot in prison.
Security?
What's going on here?
Take her away.
No. Oh, I love you.